The President: Hi, everybody.
I hope you're enjoying your Fourth of July weekend.
I want to begin today by
saying a special word
to the U.S. Men's Soccer
Team, who represented America
so well the past few weeks.
We are so proud of you.
You've got a lot
of new believers.
And I know there's actually a
petition on the White House
website to make Tim Howard the
next Secretary of Defense.
Chuck Hagel's got
that spot right now,
but if there is a vacancy,
I promise to think about it.
It was 238 years ago that
our founders came together
in Philadelphia to launch
our American experiment.
There were farmers
and businessmen,
doctors and lawyers, ministers
and a kite-flying scientist.
Those early patriots may have
come from different backgrounds
and different walks of life.
But they were united by a belief
in a simple truth -- that we are
all created equal; that we are
all endowed by our Creator with
certain inalienable rights;
and that among these rights
are life, liberty and the
pursuit of happiness.
Over the years, that belief
has sustained us through
war and depression;
peace and prosperity.
It's helped us build the
strongest democracy,
the greatest middle class, and
the most powerful military
the world has ever known.
And today, there isn't a nation
on Earth that wouldn't gladly
trade places with the
United States of America.
But our success is only
possible because we have never
treated those self-evident
truths as self-executing.
Generations of Americans have
marched, organized, petitioned,
fought and even died to extend
those rights to others;
to widen the circle of
opportunity for others;
and to perfect this
union we love so much.
That's why I want to say a
special thanks to the men
and women of our armed
forces and the families who
serve with them -- especially
those service members
who spent this most American
of holidays serving your
country far from home.
You keep us safe, and you keep
the United States of America
a shining beacon of
hope for the world.
And for that, you and
your families deserve not
only the appreciation of
a grateful nation,
but our enduring commitment
to serve you as well
as you've served us.
God bless you all.
And have a great weekend.